Project details

1.St10451061@GIVENNEOMUDAU_part1
2.Net framework: 4.7.2
3. Template: Console App C# net framework

User guide
1.

 when you run the code/application
-A voice greeting will play under the format of .wav
-If the system does on find it , i will show the error message(Continuing without greeting audio.)
-the app is designed to get the audio automatically
-Or kindly change the path="c://user/Rc_student/repos/sources/greeting.wav"


2.

 Then after the Wav audio sound for greeting the logo will show 
-This logo is an image that is regenerated by Ascii art
-If logo or image is not found the system will show the error message(Continuing without cybersecurity image.)
-Or replace the path[ if used the path path="path";


3. 

The system will greet you using the text message 
-which is welcome to AI cyber security

4.

-After the message, the system will prompt you for your name/Username
-This name/Username will be used on how the AI should call while interacting with you

5.

Now the AI will user you name in the user friendly format

Example

- is the name if john then the AI will use it as follows
john : your question
-This name will be used till you exit the app

6.

After the Username the user will be able to ask the AI questions based on Cyber security topics

Topic that are included:
-Phishing
-Password Safety
-Safe browsing
-Malware
-Social Engineering
-Data breaches 
-Cookies


7.

Draft example of how it will respond and how will you ask 

Design and questions

Bot : 
Hello, john! I'm the Cybersecurity Awareness Bot.
How can I help you today?

john : what is cybersecurity, and why is it important?

Bot: 
Cybersecurity protects computer systems, networks, and data from theft, damage, or unauthorized access. It's important to safeguard sensitive information, maintain privacy, prevent financial losses, and protect critical infrastructure from cyber threats.

Bot: I hope this information/ solution was helpful.


-With these example it means you can ask AI as a questions or using only the world Like Password, Phishing and Attack


8.

-If you enter or ask about something that the AI is not designed to do
it returns these text
(Bot: I'm sorry, I don't have an answer for that question. Please try asking something else.)
-The AI will inform you that it is designed to do or work on Cyber Security topics
-This is to ensure that the AI notify the user on searching based on the given topics

9.

If you leave the questions field empty the system will notify you that field is required

- Bot: Please enter a question. 


10.

to exit the app

-Type exit


